Kim Lip: It's time to go! Shall we move together?
Kim Lip: See you!
(2 AM... Is it real...?)
JinSoul: You know? I'm so tired
JinSoul: because it's 2 AM...
Kim Lip: I'm OK... But after 1 hour, maybe I'll be like...
(Pretending to sleep)
JinSoul: It is kind of like braided hair!
Kim Lip: It's a special way to put waves in the hair.
Kim Lip: Maybe you watched this curled hair in ViVi's "Everyday I Need You" music video!
JinSoul: Yeah! Just one second!
(This one second scene!)
Kim Lip: JinSoul~
JinSoul: I'm going to do well today!
Kim Lip: Can you get pretty pictures?
JinSoul: I hope my face will be looking good...
Kim Lip: Are you going to sleep now?
JinSoul: Yes!
JinSoul: My eyes are bloodshot
JinSoul: But it will be fine if I sleep enough
Kim Lip: I think we might have to protect her eyes
Kim Lip: So we're going to bed now!
Kim Lip: See you later~ Bye~